PAYDAY LOANS
Convenient.
Quick. Reliable.
apply now
Secure a payday loan

Select your state to see loans and amounts.
select state
double-cash.svg
CONVENIENT

We are 140 locations strong and growing. Plus, we have a team standing by to help you via phone and online lending is available in many states. Choose the option that is most convenient for you.

money-rocket2.svg
QUICK

Simple to complete application processes, swift lending decisions, and fast funding means from start to finish we’re living up to our name: Speedy.

clock.svg
RELIABLE

We've been meeting our customer’s short-term lending needs since 1997. Choose a Payday Loan from Speedy Cash, and our dedicated service team will work to make the experience hassle-free.

Payday Loan Amounts & Availability
Payday Loans from Speedy Cash are available in multiple states across the US. Loan availability and lending limits vary by state, so double check your state’s limits prior to applying.

ONLINE OR IN-STORE
Alabama: $50 - $500
Alaska: $50 - $500
California: $50 - $255
Indiana: $50 - $825
Kansas: $1 - $500
Louisiana: $50 - $300
Mississippi: $100 - $200
Nevada: $50 - $1,500
North Dakota: $50 - $500
Oregon: $100 - $300
Texas: $50 - $3,000
Washington: $50 - $700
Wyoming: $50 - $200
What is a Payday Loan?
A Payday Loan (also known as a Cash Advance) is a convenient, short-term solution for urgent financial needs. Intended to get you by until your next pay day, Payday Loans are an option when you need to secure funds quickly.

SECURING A PAYDAY LOAN

After receiving borrowing approval, customers can secure a Payday Loan from Speedy Cash. Payday Loan lending limits and availability can vary depending on a customer’s state of residence. Our Rates & Terms are available for review to ensure borrowers understand the loan agreement and repayment terms before applying. 

REPAYING A PAYDAY LOAN

Payday Loan borrowers are given an expected repayment due date which typically coincides with their next scheduled pay day. Repayment is simple when completed via the convenient Speedy Cash customer portal or in person at the nearest Speedy Cash store. Already have a Payday Loan and not sure you’ll be able to repay on time? Reach out to our team prior to your due date to discuss your options.  

apply now
Our Payday Loan Process
1
SUBMIT YOUR PAYDAY LOAN APPLICATION
We accept online applications, in-store applications, and in some states we offer LOANBYPHONE.

2
RECEIVE A LOAN DECISION
Our lending decisions are speedy. If approved, you’ll be able to sign your Payday Loan agreement within minutes.

3
GET YOUR FUNDS
Receive funds instantly† via your debit card, have funds directly deposited into your account, or pick up cash in store.

4
REPAY ON YOUR NEXT PAY DAY
Your repayment method will depend on what is available and most convenient for you. Options for repaying your Payday Loan include: debit card repayment, cash payment in store, AutoPay from your bank account, or a post-dated check

apply now

What Do I Need to Apply?
Valid government-issued photo ID
Working phone number
Proof of a steady source of income
Bank account checking and routing numbers
What can a Payday Loan do for me?

The benefits of a Payday Loan include a quick application, rapid lending decisions, and fast funding. These short-term loans are due for repayment on your next pay day and can be used for anything including repairs, bills, and emergencies.
